Whoa , whoa, who are you?
9 Farmer wanted to talk if now
the delta product channel will start to
make review of type weapons in four a
Cover the Internet among other other
gun debate martins also then ask the
all to apply
that's good today we will be here to do
one review of a gun that has left the
roulette 500 more people wanted to pick up
but did not get the team 4 fun
Storm you could have fig her
through the storm kit that was a
Axe
the storm and storm support that
was on the black market in the
start and 1300 gt each box
Now let's talk about its owner takes
the 100 book in the head
to lock 42 on chest 30 stranded 10 on
arm 30 stranded 10 and stomach 36 stranded
dosage leg 21 stranded 7 10 21 stranded 7
as I said before, she is rich bitter
very cool but she's not very tall nor
very low the very reasonable recoil that gives
to control perfectly where the
shots are not expected very right
it is strongly recommended that you
can always give I had in sequence without
worry about the sights
she will not take her speed
not to
like the others in 41 she's a little more
4 km take a charge her watch is
improved with about 2.4 seconds
other than m4 this is normal which is 2.6
seconds
she's a little better than me 4% because of
these factors that I just said more
with no more on the black market
I might come back next year at
fallacy in the month of November I do not know how to do
what do you know but type you invest in en4
normal course that is to do the same thing
but I can hardly think it was worth
much more worth it
Who liked it, click, I liked who
signed up here we will do
various services
This is the beginning of our service in case
my computer with the problem I wanted
make it difficult for the people to talk
until the next review now we will do
to disclose to 47 spoke
shocked her that it was hunting dung
another million jobs it